Advent2018 - Bringing Sanity to your Dependencies with Go Modules and Athens (#303)
gopheracademy/gopheracademy-web: content/advent-2018/modules-and-athens.md

we've found some common benefits.

### Builds are Faster

Go modules maintains a local on-disk cache (at `$GOPATH/pkg/mod`), which of 
course makes builds faster than fetching modules from the network! But, for 
cold caches (like in CI/CD systems), builds are faster than with 
fetch-from-VCS situations.

We get speed for a pretty simple reason - Athens serves zip files with module 
code in them, and no VCS history. It's the same thing as if you ran 
`git clone --depth 1` and then zipped up the result.

### A Vendor in The Cloud

Athens holds an immutable database, so we're insulated from changes to 
upstream repositories, even if we delete the `vendor` directory. Simply 
put, that lets us delete code from our repository while still keeping our 
builds fast and, more importantly, reliable.

### HTTP Download API

Because the download API is HTTP, we can take advantage of all the battle 
tested web technologies we know and love. For example, internal teams can 
load balance across many Athens servers, and we can put a global caching 
proxy (a proxy in a proxy - inception!) in front of the public proxy.

### Federation

> Federation is important tome because it promotes collaboration and open-ness. 

Reviewer: minor type
```suggestion
Federation is important to me because it promotes collaboration and open-ness. 
```

Author: Thanks @jcaberio - I hadn't tried out the suggested change feature yet either, so double thanks 😄
